Cartoon character ban could come to candy bars.
Candy and chocolate manufacturers in the UK may have to stop using cartoon characters on their products.
An alliance of health groups said many food companies use characters from Peppa Pig and Disney on their packaging.
The companies use the characters to get children to buy chocolate and candies.
The health groups said fifty-one percent of products using cartoon characters were unhealthy for children.
The products fell below the health requirements needed to advertise on TV during children's shows.
The health groups said the products were very high in fat, sugar and salt.
The groups are asking the government to ban the use of these characters to sell unhealthy products to children.
There are three groups trying to get a ban on cartoon characters on chocolate and candy.
They are Action on Sugar, Action on Salt and the Children's Food Campaign.
They looked at the nutrition content of five hundred and twenty-six products that were aimed at children.
The products' wrapping had colorful cartoon characters to appeal to children.
The Peppa Pig Candy Bites were among the worst products.
These contained ninety-nine percent sugar.
Dr. Kather Hashem said it is shocking that companies are exploiting the health of children by using cartoon characters on high-sugar food and drink products.